Clarify CloudFlare instructions (#500)
obsidianmd/obsidian-help: en/Obsidian Publish/Set up a custom domain.md

You can set up a custom domain or subdomain for your [[Introduction to Obsidian Publish|Obsidian Publish]] site.

At the moment, we only support configuring custom domains using the following methods:

- [[#Set up using CloudFlare]] using [Full (strict) mode](https://developers.cloudflare.com/ssl/origin-configuration/ssl-modes/full-strict/).
- [[#Set up using a proxy]]

We don't yet have a way to provision SSL certificate on your behalf.

## Set up using CloudFlare

The easiest way to set up a custom domain or subdomain is to create a [CloudFlare](https://cloudflare.com) account and let CloudFlare manage your domain's DNS.

The following steps use CloudFlare to configure a custom domain for your Obsidian Publish site, either using a root domain (`mysite.com`) or an subdomain (`notes.mysite.com`).

> [!warning]

> > Obsidian Publish only supports custom domains through CloudFlare. Using the following the instructions with any other providers will likely not work.

Reviewer: This reads like it's required to use Cloudflare.
Using Cloudflare is the only DNS based method we know of, but one could still use a proxy.

Author: ```suggestion
> CloudFlare is the only officially supported provider for setting up custom domains. Using the following the instructions with any other providers will likely not work.
```

While there might be other providers that we don't know about yet, it doesn't change that CloudFlare is the only officially supported provider. Updated to try and reflect this.

Reviewer: looks good.
